# News {title}

-------------------------------
##### 20200621 {highlight}

### Tsingtao Beer

Bringing the brand-new Tsingtao Beer 1903 classic national tide cans, Hua Chenyu invites you to travel through time and space with him, to recreate the classic moments of the movies, and to cheer across the eras.

<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FHuamazing%2Fvideos%2F980040632437933%2F&show_text=0&width=267" width="267" height="476" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe> 

-------------------------------
##### 20141214 {highlight}

### 2014 Music Radio "I want to go to school" Charity Event ⠀
⠀
Hua Chenyu joined the 2014 Music Radio "I want to go to school" charity event as the Guardian of Love. He performed 2 songs - "Bomb Squad" and "We Are All Lonely" for the charity event and called on more people to guard their dreams and care for the left-behind children (children who remain in rural regions of China while their parents leave to work in urban areas).⠀  

⠀
"It's very heartwarming to be able to participate in a charity, and I want to send my toys to the left-behind children." Hua Hua shared that he was very relaxed throughout the process of participating in public welfare. He feels warm in his heart when he thinks of helping others. ⠀ 

⠀
Hua Hua also said that he has many things to give to the left-behind children including foods, drinks, and toys. He has many toys from his childhood that can pass on to the left-behind children. While everyone is guessing the music genius should have more music-related toys when he was young, Hua said no, most of his toys are video games, RC aircraft, and RC cars. He is not worried that giving these toys to the children will delay their learning, he believes that the best way is to strike a balance between study and leisure.  

The time for recording the public welfare theme song happened when Hua was preparing for his album. But Hua was determined to participate in the public welfare theme song because this is for a charity event and he wants to give his best to share his love. He wants to lead by example and have more people to carry out charity activities together. "If you can't share your love, then love yourself and take good care of yourself." ❤️


<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FHuamazing%2Fvideos%2F184649769597136%2F&show_text=0&width=476" width="476" height="476" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
